README.md, before:

# OneDay

OneDay is a minimalist, simplified daily planner app that anyone can use.

[Available on Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.expo.oneday)

<div align="center" display="flex">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425027/235015522-fb738600-7b2b-4dc6-98a8-845b20510151.png" width="200" height= "420">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425027/235015535-9d443336-b628-4918-81f2-900c8528b15a.png" width="200" height= "420">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425027/235015542-37a43566-66f8-4bd0-af38-15f4f59d1777.png" width="200" height= "420">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425027/235015551-cd3986db-e516-4706-82ab-b795714a2bb6.png" width="200" height= "420">
</div>

## Description

The buttons in the header are used for accessing settings, opening details, deleting all events and adding a custom event, respectively.

To easily add a default event, hold a time slot or an empty event slot. To delete a single event, hold the event.

## Installation

1. Clone the project by running the following command in your terminal or command prompt:
```
git clone <project-url>
```

2. Install dependencies: Once you have cloned the project, navigate to the project directory and install the dependencies by running the following command:
```
npm install
```
This command will install all the required dependencies for the project.

3. Start the project: To start the project, run the following command:
```
npm start
```
This command will start the Expo development server, which you can access using the Expo app on your mobile device or emulator.

4. Open the project on your mobile device or emulator: To open the project on your mobile device or emulator, you need to have the Expo app installed. You can download it from the App Store or Google Play Store. Once you have the app installed, open it and scan the QR code that appears in your terminal or command prompt when you run the npm start command.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

added contact info to readme

README.md, after:

# OneDay

OneDay is a minimalist, simplified daily planner app that anyone can use.

[Available on Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.expo.oneday)

<div align="center" display="flex">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425027/235015522-fb738600-7b2b-4dc6-98a8-845b20510151.png" width="200" height= "420">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425027/235015535-9d443336-b628-4918-81f2-900c8528b15a.png" width="200" height= "420">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425027/235015542-37a43566-66f8-4bd0-af38-15f4f59d1777.png" width="200" height= "420">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90425027/235015551-cd3986db-e516-4706-82ab-b795714a2bb6.png" width="200" height= "420">
</div>

## Description

The buttons in the header are used for accessing settings, opening details, deleting all events and adding a custom event, respectively.

To easily add a default event, hold a time slot or an empty event slot. To delete a single event, hold the event.

## Installation

1. Clone the project by running the following command in your terminal or command prompt:
```
git clone <project-url>
```

2. Install dependencies: Once you have cloned the project, navigate to the project directory and install the dependencies by running the following command:
```
npm install
```
This command will install all the required dependencies for the project.

3. Start the project: To start the project, run the following command:
```
npm start
```
This command will start the Expo development server, which you can access using the Expo app on your mobile device or emulator.

4. Open the project on your mobile device or emulator: To open the project on your mobile device or emulator, you need to have the Expo app installed. You can download it from the App Store or Google Play Store. Once you have the app installed, open it and scan the QR code that appears in your terminal or command prompt when you run the npm start command.

## More Information

Contact noah.dorego@gmail.com for more information or comments.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
